---
layout: post
title: DZF 2024 Recap
author: Dana
tags: ["events", "detroit zine fest 2024"]
published: false
---

Our first fest of 2024 is complete! It's been over a year since DnA tabled at our first Zine Fest, and it felt great to be back in Detroit where it all began. Last year, Detroit Zine Fest was our first taste of the zine community (read about last years experience in a [previous blog post](https://www.dnaartists.net/2023/03/05/dzf-recap.html)), and it was delightful! Although things started out rocky, with Alex being unable to attend due to a snow storm, and Dana frantically trying to create a table display with nothing but a table cloth and some book stands, the event went incredibly smoothly. This year, Dana planned to attend solo and had everything needed to create the table display. She went into this years fest feeling much more prepared and confident.

[photo of display]

Over the winter, Dana has been working on some new acrylic display pieces to show off all of DnA's wares. Alex created removeable stickers to decorate the acrylic and display pricing. After each fest, we evaluate what worked and what didn't and try to come up with solutions to make it easier for attendees to see and reconize our brand and items. Washi tapes are hard to display, for example, and while we have gotten some solutions for them I think we are still trying to figure out the best way to show them at fests.

The fest was heavily attended, with a diverse crowd of people who came out to support the artists and search for cool, unique zines and printed matter. Dana was busy all day and hardly had time to socialize with the other vendors or do any shopping herself! Usually, she has a large pile of stuff at the end of the event, but this time she only made one purchase of a riso print from [radriso](https://www.instagram.com/radriso), along with a healthy pile of zines she got through trades.

[embed of insta post]

Of all the fests Dana attended last year, Detroit Zine Fest was far and away her favorite. The organizers provide so much support for the vendors. There is a quiet room to rest, a food truck outside the venue for lunch, and the volunteers and venue staff are always available to help you out if you need it. If you are nearby, Dana definitely recommends making the trip to go to this fest! Thank you to the organizers, Yvie and Yahsmin, the volunteers all of the other vendors, and all of the attendees for making this fest feel so welcoming!

[photo of dana at the booth]
